{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red241\green244\blue244;\red131\green148\blue149;
\red236\green186\blue16;\red44\green197\blue94;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c95686\c96471\c96471;\cssrgb\c58431\c64706\c65098;
\cssrgb\c94510\c76863\c5882;\cssrgb\c18039\c80000\c44314;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh19600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl780\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Aaron Collins\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf4 \cb3 Developer, Security, Operations Engineer\cb1 \

\fs52 \cf5 Contact\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf2 Email\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 aaron.collinsa@gmail.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Phone\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 (808) 203-8756\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Website\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://resume.crypto.sh/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf6 http://resume.crypto.sh}}
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs52 \cf5 About\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 I have 20 years of experience in programming, security, operations and release engineering. As an early cloud adopter, I\'92ve learned, the amount of services I manage increases to infinite possibilities. Using containers, I\'92ve changed my mental model of what a task is. I strive to make all scripts, jobs and apps run out of a container to achieve my goal of sleeping all night. Since all tasks should now be run from a container most of my time is now spent creating configurations to building C.I.C.D. piplines or auditing security and training other engineers best practices.\
\

\fs52 \cf5 Work\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 Chegg\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 2015-08-03 \'97 2018-03-02\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.chegg.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb1 https://www.chegg.com}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Sr. Devops\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Responsible for implementing software defined infrastructure, training Jr. engineers and researching new infrastructure goals. Developed automated jobs to deploy code and manage infrastructure. Helped marketing team implement blog platform and assisted engineering team debug performance issues.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Highlights\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Deployed identity management solution to grant access to 1k developers across 2500 hosts\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Developed automated monitoring and provisioning system to aid in auto-scale\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Created and managed docker clusters via Spotinst and ECS to lead effort in moving from virtual servers to containers\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Created base images and deployment tools to deploy new applications to containers\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Acted as monitoring evangelist giving lots of presentations and doing lots of personal training\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 ActivityRez\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 2012-02-01 \'97 2015-08-03\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.activityrez.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb1 http://www.activityrez.com}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Technical Director / Lead Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 As Technical director and lead developer, I built a team and created an enterprise level activity reservation and booking system. The product immediately got the attention of the travel industries top players including Expedia, Disney, Pleasant Holidays, AAA etc. The system was designed as a SaSS product and featured a suite of tools for both mobile and desktop productivity. I was responsible for increasing revenue 1000% in 2012.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Highlights\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Personally responsible for getting company PCI/DSS Compliant (Wrote Policies & Procedures, Created Security Awareness Training, Completed QSA Audit & Pentest Audits)\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Created and personally managed entire auto-scaling infrastructure in the cloud (Chef and autoscale groups).\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Developed global enterprise activity booking and reservation system for web and mobile\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Built and managed build pipline for all product lines git, Jenkins, Gradle and xcode\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Built container clusters to run customer facing web apps for each env\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 Hilo Hattie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 2010-07-01 \'97 2012-02-01\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.hilohattie.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb1 https://www.hilohattie.com/}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 IT Manager/Software Engineer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 As It Manager and Staff Software engineer I was responsible for several critical services for the company. The company was coming out of bankruptcy and I was hired to train new staff, build a new e-commerce site and get the corporate network infrastructure modernized and under budget.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Highlights\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Rebuilt and standardized network infrastructure across all islands and migrated corporate network to AWS cloud.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Personally responsible for getting company PCI/DSS SAQ-D Compliant (Wrote Policies & Procedures, Created Security Awareness Training, Completed QSA Audit & Pentest Audits)\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Trained IT Team on how to manage POS systems and support accounting and ERP services\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Developed multiple e-commerce sites using C#, Java and PHP\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Implemented company first change control program.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Created company first build pipline with Jenkins, maven and git\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 Computer Science Corporation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 2008-08-01 \'97 2010-07-01\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.csc.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb1 http://www.csc.com}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Lead IT Engineer/Programmer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Took a troubled observatory and turned it around by training the existing IT team and teaching them the skills to administer the legacy Irix/Solaris/Linux infrastructure. Then got to work on modernizing the site. Designed and implemented a modern Linux/Windows infrastructure with emphasis on stability and security. Implemented enterprise LDAP infrastructure to manage systems. Wrote first ever site infrastructure documentation (War book). Upgraded and re-baselined all Switches, Routers and Firewalls. Got site Airforce EITDR certified (Security Requirement). Received multiple awards for my work from the Airforce, Boeing and CSC.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Highlights\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Obtained DOD TS Clearance\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Updated and secured entire site network.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Developed an OpenSource LDAP management webapp to manage provisioning users and password policy for entire site\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I was hand picked by the Air Force to design new Space Program Observatory Control Kit (S.P.O.C.K.) in C++ & QT.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Created new build and release systems for mine and other engineering teams apps\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Was sent to other Air Force Bases to implement my software\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Setup sites first monitoring service and trained staff on monitoring and updating it\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Got Security+ certified\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 HIC\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 2004-04-01 \'97 2008-08-01\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ehawaii.gov/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb1 http://www.ehawaii.gov}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Senior Systems Analyst and Security Analyst\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Originally hired as the release engineer for the State of Hawaii web portal ehawaii.gov. I was quickly put in charge of managing all operations projects. As I advanced the network to a stable enterprise state, I was then put in charge of managing all security projects. This included certifying the infrastructure against HIPAA, SOX, PCI/DSS. Developed documentation portal using MediaWiki + LDAP Auth to keep all docs current. As the systems analyst I designed and managed a high availability Linux based Apache/Tomcat web farm. Managed and secured routers and firewalls (BPG & OSPF).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Highlights\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Developed Ant & Maven build and release scripts\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Performed security audit of entire network\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Patched and updated entire infrastructure\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Created fault tolerant site with load balanced backup site\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Created custom corporate security tools to audit and alert for other state sites (Won company award for this work)\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Created SNMP based usage trend analysis to predict upgrade budget requirements\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Developed web applications using PHP, Perl and Java\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Administered Oracle and MySQL database servers\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 Development Guru\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 2003-02-01 \'97 2005-09-01\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developmentguru.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb1 https://developmentguru.com/}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Consultant\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 I did onsite consulting for clients to manage and lockdown networks. Performed Novell to Windows migrations. Created managed turnkey firewalls for client sites that allowed for remote administration. Administered Windows 2000 Active Directory implementations for 10K users. Developed BSD NIS support in C for Samaba Project. Managed all IT projects for clients. Developed meta directory applications in Perl and C. Wrote Meta Directory White Papers. Developed automated desktop re-image software solution. Configured and managed Sonicwall Firewalls and Cisco Routers and Switches. I did on call 24/7 Support as well as IDS monitoring and vulnerability scanning/mitigation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 GTC Telecom\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 2001-08-01 \'97 2002-12-01\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mygtc.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb1 https://www.mygtc.com}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Lead Internet Infrastructure Engineer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 I was relocated to California at the age of 19 to rescue a failing Internet Service. Within 6 months I had taken the ISP from 5k to 20k customers. Developed companies Disaster recovery policy and network security policy. Developed secure redundant firewalls, enterprise class LDAP infrastructure to manage all customers, customer web portal (using SSO via the previously mentioned LDAP) and custom AOL style signup CD.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Highlights\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Created customer support training guides\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Performed security awareness training for handling customer credit cards\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Built company first VMWare cloud cluster to manage ISP and make it highly available.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 Dancris Telecom\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 1998-03-01 \'97 2001-06-01\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Network Administrator, Tech Support Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Starting in tech support I quickly became the manager of tech support and the systems administrator for a large ISP. I administered Linux, Windows and Solaris servers. Managed Apache and IIS web farms. Installed and managed the internal exchange server as well as customer sendmail/postfix servers. Trained and managed entire tech support staff. Developed billing software in Perl and C. Managed Cisco Routers and configured ATM circuits for DSL.\
\

\fs52 \cf5 Education\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 	CompTIA Security+\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 	2010-02-03 \'97 2010-02-03\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 \'a0	Meets the ISO 17024 standard and is approved by U.S. Department of Defense to fulfill Directive 8570.01-M requirements.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 	AWS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 	2017-11-30 \'97 2019-11-30\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 \'a0	AWS Certified Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 	Associate\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs52 \cf5 Awards\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 	Boeing Excellence award\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb1 	Awarded\cf2 \'a02008-11-11\
\cf4 	by\cf2 \'a0
\b Boeing
\b0 \
	Granted for my effort in training the staff and developing a new fibre infrastructure\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 	Boeing Excellence award\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb1 	Awarded\cf2 \'a02012-03-10\
\cf4 	by\cf2 \'a0
\b Boeing
\b0 \
	Granted for my efforts to develop a new Observatory control system\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs52 \cf5 \
\
Skills\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Devops\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Terraform\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chef\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Puppet\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Frycook\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cloudformation\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Jenkins\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Rundeck\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \
Web Development\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HTML\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Javascript / Ecmascript\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Python\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PHP\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \
Security\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Vulnerability Scanning\
\ls9\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pen Testing\
\ls9\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PCI, HIPAA, SOX Certification\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \
Release Engineer\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gradle\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ant\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Maven\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Grunt\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Composer\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
C.I.C.D. (Jenkins, Gitlab, Travis Ci, Rundeck)\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Make\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
QMake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \
Cloud Architect\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Amazon Web Services (Certified)\
\ls11\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Google Compute Engine\
\ls11\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
VMWare\
\ls11\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Heroku\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0
\fs52 \cf5 \
Languages\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf2 English
\b0 \
Native speaker\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs52 \cf5 Interests\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Home Automation\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Smarthings\
\ls12\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZWave\
\ls12\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Zigbee\
\ls12\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sonoff\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Machine Learning\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tensorflow\
\ls13\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fast.ai\
\ls13\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Convolutional neural networks\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0
\fs52 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
References\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Sr. Devops Engineer & Sr. Security Engineer at Chegg\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \'97 Tim Galyean <timg@chegg.com>
\b0 \
Lead Developer / Co-Worker for ActivityRez\

\b \'97 Alex Boatwright <drdelambre@gmail.com>
\b0 \
Developer for ActivityRez & Chegg Inc\

\b \'97 Patrick Leonard <dreamtear@gmail.com>
\b0 \
Partner Unity Crayons & Downbeat Diner\

\b \'97 Josh Hancock <josheightysix@gmail.com>
\b0 \
}